Where are you?
I'm coming to your place tonight
Is Shujing Shen not at home?
That damn Wenyang, he's pregnant
I have to get the doctor to come and check it out
If he does come
Then I can't hide my fake pregnancy
So what do we do next?
I don't know.
But the most important thing tonight
Just let me hide first
Come quickly then. I've missed you so much.
Hate ghosts
who
Damn it
Make me feel ashamed
The child in the clouds turned out to be fake
Who would that actually be?
What are you in a hurry with the dark lights?
Cooperate with you for so long
Don't you reward me?
I gave myself to you
What more do you want?
Baby is wild
Turning on the lights is more exciting
Come on, I've had it for a long time